# What is this?
This is my code (written entirely in C++) for something I heard about on my campus' CS Discord, [the 2022 Advent of Code.](https://adventofcode.com/2022 "here")
The website unlocks a pair of problems for every day of December up until Christmas. These problems are presented as fun little stories involving the North Pole Elves running into menial issues and whatnot. These issues can be solved using any programming language and a puzzle input that the website provides. I decided to use C++ since that is what I am most familiar with.

All of the problems for days 1 through 6 are fully completed, and half of day 7 is done as well, yet there are memory leaks on that one (Yucky!) I was unfortunately extremely busy this year, not only with finals but with pre-Christmas stuff and then I got Covid and didn't feel like doing the puzzles or anything at all really and blah blah blah, gist is that I couldn't finish much of it. Told myself to clean up and finish day 7 at some point, but now it's past Christmas and I don't really feel like doing that. From what I've heard though, I wouldn't have gotten far purely by myself even if I had the time. Apparently later days involve knowledge on topics I just haven't learned yet, and I have only just completed my first semester of my Sophomore year at College as I am writing this. Hopefully next year I'll do more, but who knows.

Overall this was just a test on my C++ capabilities, getting started with GitHub, and trying to write with only a text editor and debug with only a terminal and Bash, gdb, and Valgrind. Even though I didn't do too much, I still felt a little proud of myself at times.
